Privacy Policy

To provide the InnoBev Services, we must collect information about you. This privacy policy describes the information we collect and process and under what circumstances do we share this information.

1.	Information we collect.

We collect the content and information you provide us. When creating an account with InnoBev, you provide us personal information such as your name, email address, and phone number. And when placing an order with InnoBev App, we also collect the information regarding your address, phone number, and the details of your order.



2.	How we use your information
The information collected may be used for multiple purposes, including:
•	Providing the InnoBev App services to you, and improving the quality of the service we are offering.
•	Giving the delivery correspondent the option to contact you through the phone number you provided at check out, to provide update and/or further details about your address.
•	Understanding how users engage with our application and services in order to test new features and improve InnoBev as a whole.
•	Using your personal information such as your name, address and phone number to create a receipt that you will receive upon delivery.

3.	How we share your information

InnoBev is an application that connects the shopper with the suppliers, in order to receive the items wanted and ensure a user friendly experience, we must share your information with one other party, other than the InnoBev team.

•	InnoBev team: In order to be able to ensure a well-received order, the InnoBev application will reveal your personal information to the team to be able to issue a receipt as well deliver your order to the address you provided.
•	ADtech team: In order to provide the users with a regularly improving service, the developing team will access the information you provided, as well as your interaction with the services in order to fix any issue a user might encounter and provide a user friendly experience.

4.	How You Can Modify Your Personal Information

Any user can easily modify, update or remove their personal information by contacting InnoBev directly, through phone call or email.
The InnoBev team is always ready to help and support you. All of InnoBev’s contact information are available in the “contact us” section of the application.


5.	Disclosing Users Information

Innobev has the full right to disclose any kind of personal information for legal purposes strictly.
We share your information when we believe that the disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal process, or request from law enforcement or regulatory authorities, prevent, detect, or otherwise handle fraud, security, or technical issues, and protect the safety, rights, or property of any person, the public or Innobev.

6.	Changes To This Policy

This privacy policy may be subject to amendments, with immediate effect upon posting. We reserve the right to modify it at any time, and we recommend reviewing our policies frequently to capture any changes. However, you will modified upon any major change that may impact your privacy, purchases and rights.

Some links in the InnoBev application can direct you to different websites. We are not responsible of any leakage of information on other websites, as we are separate entities and our privacy policies may differ.



 
